House interior:  

Early morning, just after dawn.     

A window in the far wall.  The dark interior of a frame wood cabin.  A
bare, wide planked floor.



Push in to: 

A child sitting on an old wooden chair in front of the window, facing
away -- staring out the window but not tall enough to see the
landscape.



Cut to:     

Bare rolling hills covered in snow, edged in forest, seen from behind
a pane of glass.  The glass looks cold.  A small dog (from the boy's
lap) stands into view to look out.  His nose smudges the light frost
on the glass.



Cut to:

Wide shot of the boy and dog venturing across the snow, almost over
his knees and the dog's head.



Cut to:     

The boy making snow angels.  The snow angels are linked quite
methodically, hand to hand.



Cut to: 

Wide shot from above -- six snow angels, neatly done.  The boy falls
into the formation of a seventh snow angel.



Cut to: 

The boy's face.  He senses something.  His face turns to some subtle
excitement and fear -- more from imagination than this threatening
world.  A frowning concentration turns his head to his right, toward
the camera.



Cut to:     

His right hand in the snow near his side.  His fingers reach down into
the snow.



Cut to:

A man no more than twenty five in a city, New York, walking away from
the camera behind him down a side street on the Upper East side in the
eighties.  Snow covers this world, fresh and white.  Not another soul
to be seen.  His tracks alone.

As the camera slowely tracks from behind to off shoulder, a dog comes
running up behind him.  A border collie, all black, wearing a sweater.
Slows to a walk along side him.



Cut to: 

Apartment interior:

A long thin apartment, barely furnished with off white walls and
polyurethaned wood floors, as the pair enter.  A pair of windows in
the far wall face the back of the building, and other buildings across
the way.  The border collie runs and jumps onto a modest couch under
the windows.

A woman's voice:      Jim? 


Cut to: 

The man, Jim, taking off his coat.  Knocking snow off his (timberland)
shoes.  Hanging his coat on some hooks in the narrow hall that the
apartment door opens into.  In front of the door is a small kitchen,
to the right the one bedroom and to the left the living room.  He
turns toward the bedroom.

Jim:                 Amy? 

Amy:                 I'm in here.



Cut to: 

Entering the bedroom facing a television tuned to "NY1" which is
describing "The Blizzard", closures, "essential personnel only (need
to work)".

Jim:                 It's really cold out there.



Cut to: 

Amy in her big flannel bed, watching the television.  Amy is a good
match to Jim.

Any:                 We should go to the park.

Jim:                 Central Park? 

Amy:                 Yea.  Don't you want to ?

Jim:                 I want to take a nap.

Amy:                 Maybe later? 

Jim:                 I want to sleep.

Amy:                 Come here and sleep, baby.  I'll keep you warm.



Cut to:

Hospital room interior: 

A very old man sleeps.  His wife sits next to him, reading.

Push in to:

The man, oxygen in his nose.  Opens his eyes briefly.



Pulling out: 

Jim:                 Amy? 

Amy:                 Yes, Jim.  I'm here, baby.

Jim:                 I love you, Amy.



Cut to:

Amy's face, her breaking heart.



Pulling out: 

Amy:                 I love you, too, baby.

Jim:                 Do you remember?

Amy:                 What, my love?

Jim:                 Our life.

Amy:                 Yes, I do.



Fade to black.
